## Example agenda

This is a template agenda. It gives an overview of what could be in your weekly agenda.
In the 'Points of action' part you will also find some topics to cover in/after your first meeting. 

---

Date:           29-03-2022\
Main focus:     What does still need to be done?\
Chair:          Eugen Bulboaca\
Note taker:     {Insert Here}

# Opening
- Everybody is present.

# Approval of the agenda
- Everyone approved of this agenda.

# Points of action
- Discuss the process of work the past week with regard to meeting deadlines for merging.
- Discuss what needs the team's attention this week.
- Assign tasks to everybody.
- Focus on completing the final issues and improving the existing ones.

# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- Everybody should finish assignment 5B.
- Discuss what past assignments need reviewing and help the responsible team members if necessary.
- Improve and reflect on the complexity of all the processes.
- Discuss what classes need testing if any.

# Any other business
- None 

# Questions for the TA
- Are we on track with the individual color grading?
- Do we need to test the database and the client side?
- Do the failed pipelines along the line of commits affect our grades?

# Question round
- Do the other team members remark an improvement in an individual attitude, with regard to the BuddyCheck?

# Closing
- The past weeks were productive and well compartmentalized in relation to issue management.
- I think I speak for everyone when I say that I feel lucky and proud to be part of such an amazing team.
- Thank you and let's give our best for the last week.
