## Agenda


Date:           08-02-2022\
Main focus:     Introduction\
Chair:          Florentin\
Note taker:     Bryan

# Opening
Everybody was present

# Approval of the agenda
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda or add it if something is missing.*

# Points of action
*The items below are things you should look into after the first meeting. During the meeting you can divide (some of) the work between the team members, so that everybody has something to do afterwards.*

 - Read Resources and Tools (on BrightSpace)
 - It is your job that you and your team contribute (equally)
	 - If there is a problem it is your job to notify the TA
 - Create a planning and put it on GitLab
	 - Implement all items on the todo list
 - Discuss a cake rule: If you are late or not there at all, you have to bring cake (or something similar)
 - Things to research:
	 - Scrum (see lecture 1) 
        - How are you going to use scrum in the team?
    - Git (see lecture 2)
        - How does it work?
        - What is branching?
    - Gradle (see lecture 4)
        - What does it do?
        - How do you add a library to the build file?
    - Code structure (see lecture 4)
        - How will you use packages?
        - What will your code structure look like? (UML)
     - GUI
        - OpenFX
     - IDE
        - Eclipse
        - IntelliJ


# Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- Read about the Moskow method
- Next thuesday make a draft so we can discuss it during the meeting

# Any other business
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*

# Questions for the TA
*Your TA will visit you in the second half of the lab session. Note down all questions that you have so that you can ask them then.*

# Question round
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

# Closing
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*
