## Meeting notes

* Date: 29-03-2022
* Location: Drebelweg IZ-2
* Time: 14:45-15:45
* Attendees: Eugen Bulboaca, Tom Kitak, Laurens Michielsen, Łukasz Rek, Bryan Wassenaar

## We agreed on
* We are going to make presentation virtually.

## Improvements
* Accept merge requests as soon as possible and not wait till Sunday.
* Do proper javadoc. Don't write text on first line.
* Multiplayer controller is not tested.
* Activity controller was updated but the tests were not.
* If you are not getting team members to approve your merge requests you should message and ask people directly to do that.
* Use squash commits: Commit squashing has the benefit of keeping your git history tidy and easier to digest than the alternative created by merge commits.

## Action points this week
* Make the video presentation. - Everyone, Thursday 
* Make readme file. - Eugen
* Fix bugs Multiplayer controller. - Łukasz
* Fix javadoc. - Laurens
* Fix points system for multiple choice questions. - Laurens
* Tests websockets. - Tom
* Manual client side testing. - Bryan
* Make selecting random activities more (space) efficiently. - Tom
* Images. - Bryan
* Emojis. - Tom, Bryan
* Leaderboard fix. - Eugen
* Add timeout on serverside. - Łukasz
* Test Activity controller. 
* Single player leaderboard: if you stay on the end screen too your name will be added again.
* Suggestion: Split up some classes and files to make them more compact.

## Feedback round
* Thanking TA for the meetings.

## Any questions?
* Types of questions we can expect on Q&A? General questions about the project and testing.
* How much weight does final presentation play on final grade? I don't know.
