## Meeting notes

* Date: 01/03/2022
* Location: Drebbelweg IZ-2
* Time: 14:45-15:45
* Attendees: Eugen Bulboaca, Tom Kitak, Laurens Michielsen, Łukasz Rek, Bryan Wassenaar

## We agreed on
* Meeting Thursday to finish HCI report
* Finding 4 activities per person
* What we will implement in this Sprint
* Trying out Mockito this week
* Having our code merged into Main on Sunday at 12:00pm


## Improvements
* HCI report: correct typo(procedure), add references and add the UI as pictures
* have merge requests each week ready before Sunday night 12:00pm
* Functional API endpoints
## Action points this week
* Tom Kitak: agenda
* Łukasz Rek: next week note taker
* api endpoints: make them functional
* Teamwork 4A(Friday)
* Łukasz Rek: Serverside and repository(Sunday)
* Tom Kitak, Eugen Bulboaca, Laurens Michielsen: frontend(Sunday)
* Bryan Wassenaar: serverside(Sunday)
* start developer branch
* Finalize HCI-report(Friday)
* Activity bank: everyone makes 4 activities(Friday)
* Make plan of implementation

## Feedback round
X

## Any questions?
* Laurens: Where can we see our color rubrics?
