## Meeting notes

* Date: 22/02/2022
* Location: Drebbelweg IZ-1
* Time: 14:45-15:45
* Attendees: Eugen Bulboaca, Tom Kitak, Laurens Michielsen, ≈Åukasz Rek, Bryan Wassenaar

## We agreed on
* Discuss code reviews on gitlab
* Thursday meeting
* Friday api endpoint + HCI report draft
* Add name to javadoc

## Improvements
* Have an agenda
* Uploads everything to gitlab (just to be sure)
## Action points this week
* Lukasz: NEXT WEEK AGENDA
* Laurens: notetaker
* api endpoints (at least 1) (Thursday)
* Add time estimates to issues
* change user story issue fetching questions
* Set up pipeline and checkstyle
* Set up issue boards
* Write the README.md
* Make a plan for the implementations (thursday)
* Finish HCI report draft (thursday)
* Start implementing (thursday)
* Assignment 3B (thursday)
* Assignment 3A
* Watch the video's on Rust and spring

## Feedback round
X

## Any questions?
* Eugen: port on 8080, program on 8081 if it does not work
