## Meeting notes

* Date: 15-03-2022
* Location: Drebelweg
* Time: 14:45-15:45
* Attendees: Eugen Bulboaca, Tom Kitak, Laurens Michielsen, ≈Åukasz Rek, Bryan Wassenaar

## We agreed on
* BuddyCheck is ok.

## Improvements
* Change time estimates on issues.
* We will equalize the task distribution.
* We will add the sprint board.
* Leaderboard is still missing, we have to work on it.

## Action points this week
* One person does both leaderboards.
* More question types.
* Creating tags for sprints
* Fix the demo bug.
* Use the make a suggestion feature on gitlab.

## Feedback round
* Everything is OK!

## Any questions?
* None
